2 cards per item. thats it

perhaps pronounciation cards are what are slowing me down. Its not a large part of my grade.....

a pronounce card should still be made as long as there is an IPA

could it make more sense to make cards within the context of writing them to an xml? Right now all cards are created and then all cards are written. Why have two iterals instead of one?

am I handling the case where the plural has a sound file but the singular does not?

write code to handle the cases where the plural is the same as the singular

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

High:

create way to automate phrase card creation
	taking a single entry of english and german create the following cards: translate german -> english, 		translate: english -> german, spell

fix case where audio cards are written for a plural that does not have audio

create sets of items to import. Perhaps day by day. Introducing so many items per day. Starting off with a certain card per item and introducing the next card in an order on a following day. Allowing for spaced introduction of new words without having to wait to complete a card set for all the words of that week before moving onto the next card set

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

Good:
re examine xml tree stuff and look for more ways to get audio files

if vocab items have alements that can not be found. try splitting if possible and look for components.

remove weekly vocab subfolder

turn each words card set into a dict. write card based on an ordering system

write code that sames a class containing all contructed cards, words, ect to a file
	also write codes that allows xml file to be made from that info upon request

if moving vocab list from main folder and there is already a  list in the destination. Create a prompt asking to confirm this action

alphabetize folders

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

Non-Priority:
improve readability of xml output

reexamine ordinal numbers

figure out how to create source code for an element
figure out how to create source code for a group of elements
create way to read source code
	create a python structure to read source code into for easy modification
determine if it is possible to programatically alter supermemo library by modifying source code output
	if possible see if it can be used to consolidate or fix stuff up
create python versions of templates for source code
determine what happens if various parts of source code are not included
determine what happens if element numbers of sourcecode import overlap with numbers of current elements

source code notes
	contains mem status of an element. dismissed undismissed ect
	contains position and color of elements
	has auto play status

figure out how to split up vocab audio into individual words

remove one line card functions

look into how necessary it is to keep all paths premade in a paths obj

replace operation_cls in get_ipa and get_sound with super

create macros to automate operations that cannot be coded

reexamine how plurals are stored. currenlty they are a word class that has cards but are only contained within a noun class. they are not in the word list by themselves since the process_list function only adds a word for every chunk and a noun and its plural are in the same chunk

spelling card with an english audio prompt

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

DONE:
Alter listen and pronounce cards to have both english and german in the answer
if there is no audio file then make translate cards
only make a translate card from german to english. english to german can be handled by spell card

what is going on with plurals?

check for the existance of audio for a word in the converted folder before trying to download another copy

remove english to german translation cards

have converted files deposited in main converted folder. delete og oggs

fix plural card creation

fix special characters being turned into weird shit

Remove all listen cards

alter card writing so that a translation card is made if there is no audio